2024_03_26_00_00_00
Today is violent, even through all the interactions are of people smiling, I feel the violence of people on my physical body and this is why I am angry and I do not participate or entertain their behavior (focus on non-intellectual activities). Feeling violence, meaning agitated, on your body for reading and writting is NOT OK.

2024_03_13_00_00_00
When I go onto job boards, I notice that the type of jobs for my profile drasically change constantly. One week there will be only jobs of category A, and the next there will be jobs for only category B. Filling out a form/job application is important because it is proof in writting that one is applying for the correct job. Talking to people/recruiters about vauge jobs is not a reliable way to find one's correct job, in my opinion. The job application form protects workers so they know exactly what type of job they are applying for, and it labels them as their correct job, and that then labels them in society, and with who and who they can associate. Applying for the correct job protects people in their lives because society knows their intentions and accomplishments; society helps thoses who are honest and try to be responsible. If a job recruiters can not talk about or say one's "Real" job title immediately, and needs to keep it a secret, then the job environment is not correct.

2024_03_08_00_00_00
Some people are not allowed to speak certain languages because it allows for a connection where people may act irresponsable, or cause unforeseen harm. It would cause people to get hurt, so some people can not participate in exactly the same way as others, who do not have their same experiences. For this reason, the people learning the new language can only do non-risky and serious things, until they have enough experience to keep interactions intelligent and correct.

2024_01_29_09_33_58
Okay, finally, it's working. It's because I had my headphones plugged in. Audio Journal, today is talking about people who don't take responsibility for their lives, and then when they show up in other people's lives, all of the irresponsible things that they do not control for, or take responsibility for, spills into that other person's life. And the other person sort of has to mop up themselves and mop up the people around them. Mop up the irresponsible stuff. So people who have a lot of friends, maybe they're successful because there's a lot of people mopping up the irresponsible things in their life, if they are responsible. Thanks.  And then I went on to talk about sports. I went on to talk about sports. First, it was my mom. My mom is treating me like a social media art space. She needs to get on the computer, find a targeted space, social media, for art. And she needs to post her pictures in that space. And she needs to have a blog, a blog, a professional site for her art, where she is connecting with people of art. She is doing that with me. And then when I wake up in the morning, my head is filled with stuff, random stuff, from like a chat room. That I don't need in my life. And that needs to be on the social media art space. Not in my life. So, talking about my mom leaving the social media arts is, why doesn't she do it? Why doesn't she go and do the things she needs to do to be successful in her career? Because she's waiting on external, external things to help her. She's waiting on me. Some external person that she knows to do her own career for her. When it is her who needs to be showing up to do her career in her own life. If this is the career that you chose for yourself and this is your life purpose, why are you doing the things for yourself? Why are you waiting for some external person to do all of the work for you? You need to do it yourself and it's the same thing with the idea of sports. The idea of sports is that the audience needs to help the sports people do their jobs. And no, it is not true. The audience is not there to make your sports team win. It is dependent thinking. The sports people are trained, they are paid lots of money to train every single day to show up for their career. To win. And it has nothing to do with the external audience wanting to come in and fight for their team to win. Disabling one team so that their team can show up better. It is the sports team's career and their job in life to show up and to play. They don't need their colleagues to win. They only need themselves to stay in the moment. They're in the moment, it is their chance to win. They have practiced for years and years. It is their career, they are paid to show up for their career and to do the things they need to do for their team. It's people taking responsibility for their lives, not other people. External people, saving people, not external people taking responsibility for other people. Each individual is responsible for their life. And yes, I can see some of these ideas trying to transfer in my life. Like people are responsible to give me a workflow so that I can get a higher level. People aren't responsible to give me any workflows, and no one has given me any workflows so that I can do my job. I have been actively seeking out the things that I need to get a higher level, and no one is helping me to do my job. No one is doing my job for me. I am not like people who are waiting for people to do their life and their job for me. Thank you.

2024_01_29_09_46_56_1.mp3 
Like we talked about yesterday, a lot of people who want people to help them in their life are women, and it's not to be mean to women, in my opinion. It's just that, for some reason, I don't know why, they feel like they get the short end of the stick in life, or maybe they have less freedom than they want. And so, it seems like women create the idea that they need help in their life, or they need to manipulate people to get the things they need. And this is not true. Women can show up in their life, and they don't need to manipulate people, and other people around them, and they don't need help in their life. They can stand up, and they can do the same things as other people. Same idea as for disadvantaged people. Disadvantaged people think they need to manipulate other people to get the things because they're so disadvantaged, but they're not. There's no disadvantage because of who you are. You just need to show up, use your brain, and you need to follow the rules like everyone else is following the rules. I see a lot of people who try to take advantage of the fact that they're in a certain demographic, and they try to manipulate people to get the things that they think that they need. They don't even want the stuff. They don't even want the stuff, yet they're still out there manipulating people, trying to get more. They just want more. They just want more stuff. They show up in spaces where they don't even want to be, and they manipulate people constantly just to get more stuff. Just because they can. Just because they feel powerful, and they can. 

2024_01_29_09_50_10_1.mp3
Yes, why are women manipulating people? I'm not going to point it out to them. Why are people manipulating people in their lives? Because, as I keep on repeating, they haven't taken responsibility for the things that they wanted to do in their life. They feel like they're unsuccessful. They feel like they have less. They feel like other people have more. And so they manipulate. They feel like they're a victim. They believe they're victims in their life. They manipulate other people to make themselves feel better.

2024_01_30_09_18_20.mp3
So, my life is organized according to the age, sex, race, religion, gender, class, and age. And so I'm not paid. I have to create my own work. And that doesn't bother me, frankly. But I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm really invisible. People can only answer, no, I don't have a job. And that doesn't bother me, frankly. I'm not paid. I don't have a job. I have to create my own work. And that doesn't bother me, frankly. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. And so I'm not paid. I have to create my own work. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. I'm invisible to people who do the same job as me. 

2024_01_30_09_25_42.mp3 
Well, I'm behind the bus, and as I said in another article, in a journal, in a column, that the bus symbolizes the mass public, or the people in groups. The bus symbolizes that. When the bus crushes you, you know, there are too many people who don't do the same thing as you. And in fact, I made a mistake. Normally, I have to stay behind the bus, because it crushes me less. And I'm going to wait. I'm going to wait for the bus to pass, and I'm going to go behind the bus, as usual, because it's my life. The grown group, who crushes my life, is our only respect, only concern for our life proper. We've got to do our life correctly now. And that's why I'm standing here in front of you today. openai_translation 

2024_01_30_09_28_02
Yes, when I let the bus pass, it means that I don't want to participate, I don't want to participate with you in the game, I don't want to participate and play with you. So you can go and do your thing, live your happy life, I will live my happy life too, but I don't want to participate with you and I don't want to play the same games.


2024_01_31_09_02_43 
Hello, AudioJournal. Today is about how people respond to you after you've accomplished something. And today it's very fitting because yesterday I accomplished two things that were very important and they put me on a path to more success. I was able to post a new product to sell, and I also was able to put my classes finally on credit. And today, now that I wake up, I feel like I'm faced with some things in my life where my accomplishments aren't finished. There has never been a moment in my life where I was able to fully celebrate my accomplishments. Even when I graduated with my PhD, I didn't even have a party with other people. I simply had a bottle of champagne with the people who were there for my presentation, and I didn't even have a party. And I know a lot of people have parties with their friends and family. They yell from the rooftops. I'm a PhD. I didn't even have a party for my PhD. I didn't have a party for all of my birthdays really. I had one party when I was 13 for my birthday. I forget what age. I am going to celebrate my accomplishments, and I don't want to be ashamed, and I don't want people to diminish my accomplishments when I do them. I want people to say, she did those things. She should be proud. She is an amazing PhD. She did all of this work. This is the kind of things I want to say in my life. No one diminishes my accomplishments.

2024_01_31_09_05_18
And also, speaking of accomplishments, I need to figure out how to use my accomplishments so that people, the right people, pay attention to me, so that I can move my life forward. I want my accomplishments to be seen by the right people at the right time, so that I can get employment in data science, working with the model, working on complicated, interesting problems with the model. I want people to see my accomplishments correctly, and I want them to pay attention to me, to give me the job that I deserve. When I apply, people can go on the site and see my accomplishments. They say, I think she's really interesting and exciting, and these are the right people who understand the model, who are spending my money to give me a job. These are the type of people I want paying attention to my accomplishments. I don't want the incorrect people paying attention to my accomplishments when they feel threatened in their life, and they need to diminish my accomplishments. I don't even want them to be aware. I don't even want threatened people to be aware of my accomplishments. I want people who are doing the things like me, thinking about the same problems like me, to see my accomplishments. I want them to see my accomplishments, and then I want to work with them. I want a job working with them, and then we can do even more accomplishments together, and I have collaborators and friends, and I live in the real world.  

2024_01_31_09_08_24 
When I talk about diminishment of accomplishments, I'm talking about receiving incorrect information. I believe, or I kind of think, when I receive incorrect information with my things, it means that people are trying to diminish my accomplishments. People try to diminish me by confusing me with people who I'm not supposed to be with. When you are misclassified and misidentified, it means that people are trying to diminish who you are and what you have achieved. You don't want people to see you correctly because they're either intimidated by you or they feel threatened by you. So they try to mix you up and they try to make you get lost so that no one can see you correctly. Because if people could see you correctly, people would say you're amazing. People would say you're amazing and you need to be working here, here, and here. And people would give you the things that you need and where you belong. But when people feel threatened and don't like who you are because they don't like themselves, they mix you up and they give you things that you don't need in your life. And so that's how I feel. I was diminished this morning because of the accomplishments I did yesterday. I received information on the Honor Society for Data Science. I received an Honor Society award for accomplishments in data science, yet I'm getting information about biology. People are mixing me up in the field of biology and not putting me in data science because people are threatened by me somewhere. People are threatened by my accomplishments in data science and they mix me up with all sorts of different fields because they don't want people to see you correctly because they're threatened by me. And it's not my problem, your problem. They need to have more self-respect, self-esteem for themselves. And they need to stop judging and destroying other people for the deficiencies in their life. They need to take control of their life and they need to have self-respect.


2024_01_31_09_11_59
That's what it means to have a bully in your life. If you have someone that's a bully in your life, constantly making you feel bad about yourself, constantly trying to pick out things in your life, constantly trying to put you down, it means that those people are threatened by you. It means that they feel like they're less good than you, and they try to do anything in their power to make you be less, to make you be less, so that it becomes true in their reality. They're actually doing the action-belief stuff. They try to make you look small, so that they feel bigger, because in their heads, they feel like they're smaller than you. They feel like you're better than them, and so they try to make you smaller. And so, when those people are threatening you, and constantly trying to put you down, mixing you up with other people, you just need to slowly move away. And like I said, disappear a little bit each day. Just don't participate. Don't participate. And do your own stuff. People will fall away. You don't belong there in real life. Thank you. openai_transcription 

2024_01_31_09_15_45
I don't have to be with people who want to diminish me. People want people to be afraid of me and try to replace me. I don't have to be with people who want to diminish me. I don't have to be with people who want to diminish me. I don't have to be with people who want to diminish me. I don't have to be with people who want to diminish me.


2024_02_26_00_00_00
Note : the audio run journal is helping me to address ideas such that my life is directed to obtaining a job with my education. I am un employed for years, floating through space wasting my "potentiel life with social interactions". The audio run journal allows me to say 'no' to things that I do not want in my life, and 'no' to ways that I do not want other people to treat me. It also allows me to question and talk out things that make me angry, sad, concerned.  It is how I am doing self-respect and self-improvement for my life.

2024_02_23_00_00_00
Like I already thought, there are real life structures that help educate children and adults. Individual professionals do not need to "save" people or children, so they have a future/better careers. Individual professionals need to continue to learn and make new things with all the accumulated knowledge that they tiredlessly learned themselves, machines are powerful because they use accumulated knowledge to organize information. "Throwing away"/preventing an experienced/knowledged person from learning and advancing in a career is like never building the LLM, a machine of accumulated knowledge, or throwing machines in the garbage. People interpreting people's careers as if the best people in the field are saveurs. And they need to lead the children to the future and sacrifice their own lives and careers to "save" people/children. Note: interpreting people's lives as messages like people try to interpret stuff in religious books


2024_04_14_09_44_50
Yeah, one thing that made me follow the data science craze was that it was beautiful. It was beautiful to be flawless like a robot. It was beautiful to think that you were a robot in some way. That you were flawless. You could type fast. The ideas could come to you so quickly. You could visualize any complex situation in a way that was inhuman. And it was beautiful. And I think that's why a lot of people tried hard to have the level in data science. And to follow everything so fast and perfectly like robots. Because it was beautiful to try to be like a robot. And a lot of people felt disappointed when they slowly didn't get the things that they thought they should get. And then they stopped. A lot of people said, I followed and I followed. And I just stopped. But it was beautiful. And that's why they followed in the first place. It was beautiful to code fast. It was beautiful to think like a robot. And that's why a lot of people coded. A lot of people made things that were amazing. And you need the beauty in things to do hard things. Thank you.


2024_04_10_11_18_00
The usage of keywords/acronyms can be very dangerous if used incorrectly in people's lives. The other day I was working on RSA (Rivest-Shamir-Adleman) encryption to make a secure database using the GitHub API, I was trying to encrypt private user information in a public GitHub repository such that user information would be unread able and thus safe. I also learned that RSA has a lot of other ancroynms, including the name of social services (Revenu de Solidarie Active), Recurrent Spontaneous Abortion, Rehabilitation Services Administration, and much more. The world is becoming more and more connected with AI, imagine if AI did not make the Transformer and more complicated algorithms to correctly identify people's data with respect to a context, people would be falsely identified with many incorrect activities that would unjustly diminish or improve one's life. I think using acronmys hide truth and justice of real-life affairs, and I perfer to only use the long full names instead of acronyms. For years, in an attempt to improve my memory I started reading and trying to memorize the full names of acronyms, and no longer use acronyms. I was not consciously aware of the impact of not using acronyms on my life, but I think my life is clearer, I have a better memory of what the words mean, and I feel more intelligent because I can say the real word instead of some letters. Using acronyms is a cruch and makes one less good at speaking, writing, and understanding, just like shortening real words in chat/text messaging. Shortened words/acronyms appear to diminish intelligence and cause injustice in terms of AI.

2024_04_11_13_26_00
Families are curious, they are extensions of one's self. For individuals without a strong career path, it can be difficult to know how much one should shape their life after familiy members's lives or create a personal life path for themselves. Often times, people unconciously "follow"/shape their lives after the strongest person and/or family member that they know.  This is a complement to the person that has strong career ambitions that has become strong in their life, but at the same time it causes people with less ambition to loose themselves completely in another person's life. I think it is good to be inspired by the success of others, but it is not healthy to copy/follow someone's life without considering one's own interests and strengths.


2024_04_13_09_15_36
Idea from a person that tries to have self-respect and respect for others... non-violence 


2024_04_14_09_44_50
Difficult tasks are easier when there is beauty.

2024_04_15_10_32_00
When one deems people not "good enough" for what ever reason, you are "ran over by a bus/truck" (you have a tramatic life experience) and you loose your things/self. If you come back from loss... I guess you run after or are always behind "the bus" that ran you over (for me it is literal to remind me of my loss of my job, social status, education). The bus is a metaphorical word that means that one can be crushed again and all one's things can be taken away again. The bus means that one's perceptions are in "the game" of desperate life competition and you have to be smart. For some people it might be exciting, but for me it means useless agression, poor ideas, anger, and never being with interesting people related to my job or having a better life. Being in the life "game" with the "bus" is not interesting...it is better when I do not notice it.

2024_04_20_09_58_00
The meaning of saying "sorry" constantly in western society implies pity. Excessive pity turns into condescending cruel behavior. All excessive emotional behavior turns into cruel behavior. Constantly saying "sorry" means that people constant think that one is pitiful, thus people create events and responses that make the usage of "sorry" to be contextually true; thus causing one's life to be indeed sorrowful. Constriving events and responses to make the person's life conform to a large majority of people repeatedly saying the word "sorry", for whatever reason it started. I think that society allows 'viral word' propagation events because statistically a large number of votes is the honest truth, thus if a lot of people say "sorry" there MUST be a reliable reason that they say it, statistically.  However there are exceptions to this rule, sometimes a large group of people saying a word does not mean anything, or repeating words could have cultural implications that should not be translated literally. No one needs propagation of 'viral words' in their life that do not reflect their life, no one needs condescending pity in their life because people compare them to other more successful people and thus say "sorry" to them for not being as successful. If one wants to respectfully transform excessivly saying "sorry" in western society, perhaps one can say "thank you for a new perspective, that one can not yet understand". Thus if unexpected events happen that cause someone to say "sorry", they can replace the "sorry" with "thank you for a new perspective" and both parties will not have damaged societal reputations if the words are excessively repeated (ie: 'go viral').

2024_04_22_10_04_00
People try the best they can to be responsable. Expectations of other people's lives can harm people, and it seems most responsable to just let people live and try the best they can to succeed. Pity for someone's life only makes their life worst, normal participation with someone is responsable.


2024_04_24_09_24_00
Judgemental rejectance and acceptance to NOTHING. When people judge you constantly, it may seem like they are vetting you for acceptance to join something. They would give me the impression that, "maybe" you could join this job/life opportunities that does not exist yet. After 50+ 'maybes', the 'maybes opportunities' became condescending, as if the person in question (myself) constantly needs to be tested and judged for acceptance and rejection. After experiencing the 'maybe' experience I learned that in reality, people themselves are accepted to activities because of their individual work and efforts, not because someone else accepts them. If you work at something, you eventually become that something and thus acceptance to be that something. For years, there has been a feeling that I was judged to continue to do research, but in reality it was just people looking at what I did and them judging me, without any intention to employ me. People did these things simply because they could see my data, whether it be on LinkedIn or my blog. Like, 'viral words' (ie: saying sorry excessively)  can slander a person's reputation, excessive judgemental rejectance and acceptance to whatever can slander one's reputation and thus significantly influence short-term and long-terme success. People who have more in their lives think differently than people who have less in their lives. People who have more, talk about things that could be possible as if they had control and power to do it because they do have some power (a position, job, money, contacts, etc). They make promises as if it was nothing, and if the promises are not fulfilled it does not damage their reputation. People who have less must use all their resources effectively (time, money, their 'word'/ensuring they keep all their promises). They do not have time to talk or waste on idle chit chat that earns them nothing in life. Be normal, be responsable, be respectful of other people and yourself. Life goes on with or without you. Life goes on, and it is not mean.

2024_04_29_09_43_00
The audio journal is "equivalent to confiding to someone", except one can go back and look at how one was thinking and learn from one's self instead of burdening other people around them with their life complaints. Physically speaking about one's problems/annoyances is healthy, because other wise one carries around "unprocessed emotional bagage" that cause one to make poor decisions or emotionally stay in a negative stuck state.

2024_04_30_09_18_00
People do not make money for a reason. It either means that they are not associated with the correct group of people, such that the people see their contributional benefit. Or, it could mean that the person is not respected such that others do not beleive that they should be compensated for their efforts/contributions, like everyone else whom is compensated for the same endeavors. For this reason it is important to say "how they want to be treated in society". If individuals do not intellegently inform others how they wish to be treated in society, people/society will treat them with respect to the socital events and their lives will be sweep away.

2024_05_03_09_30_00
If you are acting angry and mean, change your way of thinking and do not participate in meaness/violence. Nothing is accomplished with angry and mean thinking, it wastes people's lives and time. Controlling people's things means you take away their human rights. The beliefs of large groups of people give meaningless things meaning. People give their own meaning to controlling other people's things, but controlling other people means taking away someone's human rights. That is why people collaborate in responsable realites, so people can deicde for themselves and their human rights are not taken away. When intelligent/educated people come to a space of violence and lack, they can either participate (get 'swept-away') with the violence-thinking or remain the same and transform the space into a fair, safe, and intelligent space. Just because you come into a space that needs developement, it does not mean that you "sacraficed" thus you have nothing to do or that you can participate in an irresponsible manner. Participating in a "space of developement" means that one needs constant self-improvement and self-mastery to understand one's self and others around them who are experiencing difficult decision making situations. One needs to uplift and transform the space into a fair and intelligent place by being the best version that one can be.

